#summary Just some ideas for further developing
#labels Featured

= Common =

  * Pdf user manual in all supported languages.
  * A common engine of tooltips which is integrated with current user control framework

= Graphics =

  * Don't use opengl lighting, use multitexturing.
  * Switch in options that controls amount of blood in game: less blood (for slow machines to work around issue 35), medium blood (as is now), more blood (for those players who likes blood, sometimes want to see blood just gushing out of the screen).

= Gameplay =

  * Some obstacles on map as new game mode (rocks - shelter from the bullets, trees - where monsters can be hidden)

== Monsters ==

  * Monster which can shoot
  * Monster which can teleport (he should has short teleport range and should do some preparations (visible to player) just before teleportation
  * Monster which goes to player and explodes, damages player (kamikaze) (player can shoot him to damage some other monsters).
  * Invisible monster (he can be "visible" like in DOOM-1 or totally invisible)

== Perks ==

  * Player can have two weapons simultaneously (may be various rules)
  * Perks as tree instead of plain list (or next idea)
  * *Combined perks* - player can choose perks in any order, but they affect each other, strengthening or weakening. See next idea for example.
  * Drop or fix Wide Sight (idea with combined perks is to rename the perk to "hyperopia" and make it combined with telekinesis - speed of telekinesis will be increased if this perk will be used)

== Powerups ==

  * Madness - like a bomb, but instead of instant damage in range monsters will eat each other ;)
  * Vodka - health will be immediately restored, but for some time player will shoot and go not exactly in right direction.

== Weapons ==

  * Flamethrower (damages the surface, like a grenade launcher; need animation; monsters should burn, burn each other and coal)
  * Gattling gun (like minigun in Crimsonland: player speed decreases, but weapon have big holder, high shooting rate and powerfull bullets).
  * Mines ;)